(DOCSP-19614): Java and Kotlin SDK cleanup (#1999)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/java/fundamentals/object-models-and-schemas.txt

   :class: singlecol

An **object schema** is a configuration object that defines the fields and
relationships of a Realm object type. Android
Realm applications define object schemas with Java or Kotlin
classes using :term:`Realm Schemas <Realm Schema>`.

Object schemas specify constraints on object fields such as the data
:ref:`type <java-supported-data-types>` of each field, whether a
field is required, and default field values. Schemas can also define
:ref:`relationships <java-client-relationships>` between object types in
a realm.

Modifying your application's Realm Schema requires you to
:ref:`migrate <java-schema-versions-and-migrations>` data from older
versions of your Realm Schema to the new version.

Realm Apps
----------

Every App has a :ref:`Realm Schema <java-realm-schema>`
composed of a list of object schemas for each type of object that the
realms in that application may contain.

Realm guarantees that all objects in a realm conform to the
schema for their object type and validates objects whenever they're
created, modified, or deleted.

> Apps that take advantage of Sync can define schemas in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apps that use Atlas Device Sync can define schemas in two ways:
```
